This is kind of fun. This is a new thing in Vitest.
So copy this one with me. Come in here and you can stop this.
We're going to say npm install capital D at Vitest
slash UI at 2.1.3.
And in our scripts here, we're just going to add another one here.
It's going to be test colon UI.
And it's going to be Vitest dash dash UI.
There's nothing special about this colon. That's just the way that I like structuring my commands.
This is a test, but we want the UI version of it.
You could also call this test colon coverage. That's actually probably what I would call it.
But everyone else calls like coverage, so I just stick to the convention.
But we have test UI here. Let's go try that. npm run test colon UI.
And you get this kind of like nice in browser experience with Vitest.
So you can see it ran my tests. They all passed the amount of time it took.
You can only look at the failing ones. You can run them individually if you want to.
You can't run the snapshot one because it's a snapshot test.
But all that stuff works. There's a module graph. You can see what it depends on, which is kind of cool.
They move around. This is extremely useful. You can see the code behind them.
You can see what they log out to the console. You don't have anything in there, so it won't do that.
But yeah, it's kind of cool, right? That's it. That's the whole thing.
This is neat. I should show people this, right? That's the whole story.
You know what? I haven't shown you so far. Let's just go ahead and do it now.
We haven't downloaded the VS Code extension for Vitest, and it's very cool.
So come to VS Code. Come in here and do Vitest. I have it down here.
So make sure you're getting Vitest from Vitest. And install that.
I'm going to shut this down for a second so I can show you this.
Once you have that, you'll have this testing thing here on the side.
For whatever reason, mine wasn't showing up. So if you had the same problem as me,
like it wasn't showing up with the Vitest thing and saying, like, you need to install Python stuff or something like that,
just navigate to it, disable it, uninstall it, and then reinstall it. That should work.
You can also always say Shift-Command-P or Control-Shift-P and reload window here.
That usually fixes almost all my VS Code problems.
All right. So now I have here my source directory and my test directory. I can see all of my tests.
You can actually see, you can go and see the individual tests in here as well.
And let's just go ahead and run everything, right? Let's just get crazy.
I'll give you all the test coverage stuff in here so you can see all the various things that it is covering.
You can run tests individually. Pretty cool to come in here.
And let's use this one and just say, I don't know, not to be null or something like that.
Something that's definitely going to fail. Notice there's a check mark here.
I'm going to save this. And if I click to run this, it's actually going to run that test individually.
And it's going to tell me it broke on this line for this reason.
Pretty cool to see that directly in your browsers. Like this is the thing that broke.
I think it's pretty compelling. So a lot of times I won't even run the command line client.
I'll just rely on this to do it itself.
And now I can run this again and it'll turn up just fine.
And then you can do the start continuous run.
Let's do it this way. Run. OK. Or I guess we can do the coverage. That's fine.
And so now I'm not even going to press the button. I'm just going to say not and save it.
And it's going to just immediately run it in the background.
Every time I save the file, it's going to keep running and rerunning my tests, which is kind of cool.
And it's actually smart to say, like, this test only tests this file. It'll only run those specific ones, which is pretty cool.
It's kind of like there's many ways to go about doing this. So just pick your favorite.
If you like the CLI, by all means stick with that. If you like the UI version, you can do everything through the UI.
I'm in VS Code all day, so I tend to use VS Code or the CLI, but that's totally up to you.